llh,Can the patient's left little finger bend 90 degrees backward?
rlh,Can the patient's right little finger bend 90 degrees backward? 
lth,Can the patient's left thumb touch their inner forearm?
lthh,Could the patient historically touch their left thumb to their inner forearm?
rth,Can the patient's right thumb touch their inner forearm?
rthh,Could the patient historically touch their right thumb to their inner forearm?
leh,Can the patient's left elbow bend 10 degrees or more backwards when extended?
reh,Can the patient's right elbow bend 10 degrees or more backwards when extended?
lkh,Can the patient's left knee bend 10 degrees or more forwards when extended?
rkh,Can the patient's right knee bend 10 degrees or more forwards when extended?
lfh,Is the patient's left foot hypermobile (has a greater range of motion)?
rfh,Is the patient's right foot hypermobile (has a greater range of motion)? 
tf,Can the patient place their palms flat on the floor without bending their knees? 
htf,Could the patient historically place their palms flat on the floor without bending their knees?
ysh,As a child, was the patient able to contort their body into strange shapes or do the splits? 
ydh,As a child or teenager, did the patient's shoulder or kneecap dislocate on more than one occasion? 
ydjh,Does the patient consider themself “double jointed"?
msh,As a child, was the patient able to contort their body into strange shapes or do the splits? 
mdh,As a child or teenager, did the patient's shoulder or kneecap dislocate on more than one occasion? 
mdjh,Does the patient consider themself “double jointed"?
osh,As a child, was the patient able to contort their body into strange shapes or do the splits? 
odh,As a child or teenager, did the patient's shoulder or kneecap dislocate on more than one occasion? 
odjh,Does the patient consider themself “double jointed"?

dis,Has the patient ever experienced multiple dislocations or subluxations?
hd,Did the patient have a congenital hip dislocation?
hdis,Did the patient experience developmental hip dysplasia? 
rhd,Did the patient ever experience a radial head (bone that connects to elbow) subluxation or dislocation?
ee,Does the patient experience reduced elbow extension (when extended is the angle between the lower and upper arm less than 170 degrees)? 
jp,Has the patient ever experienced joint pain, musculoskeletal pain, or widespread chronic pain? 
spr,Has the patient experienced multiple sprains?
con,Does the patient experience contractures (shortening or hardening of muscles, tendons, or other tissue leading to rigid joints)? 
mh,Does the patient experience muscle hypotonia (muscle weakness)?
cmh,Was the muscle hypotonia congenital and improved with age?
ma,Does the patient experience muscle atrophy (muscle wasting)?
mm,Does the patient have evidence of myopathy (disease causing muscle fibers to malfunction) on a muscle biopsy?
tm,Has the patient experienced a tendon or muscle rupture?


oste,Does the patient have osteopenia or osteoporosis (loss of bone mass)?
hei,Does the patient have a ratio greater than 1.05 when dividing wingspan by height?
shs,Does the patient have a short stature?
shl,Does the patient have short limbs, hands, or feet?
sco,Does the patient have scoliosis?
kysc,Does the patient have kyphoscoliosis?
dura,Does the patient have dural ectasia (widening/balloning of the dural sac which surrounds the spinal cord)?
protu,Does the patient have protucio acetabulae (intrapelvic displacement of the medial wall of the acetabulum/hipbone socket)?
pectc,Does the patient have pectus carinatum (chestwall protrudes outwards abnormally)?
pecte,Does the patient have pectus excavatum (chestwall protrudes inwards abnormally)?
radul,Does the patient have radioulnar synostosis (abnormal connection between the radius and ulna bones located in the forearm)? 
shcla,Does the patient have short clavicles (collarbone) with broad medial ends?
antsp,Does the patient have anterior splaying of the ribs (forefront ribs diverge away from each other)?
smili,Does the patient have a small ilium (largest and uppermost part of hip bone)?
pecfi,Does the patient have peculiar fingers (tapered, spatulate, broad)?
arach,Does the patient have arachnodactyly (long, slender fingers) observed through a positive Walker-Murdoch test (the little finger and thumb overlap when gripping the fingers around the opposite wrist) or Steinberg sign (the tip of the thumb is visble in a closed fist)?
flaf,Does the patient have a flat foot?
hind,Does the patient have hindfoot valgus (hindfoot deviates away from the midline of the body)?
talip,Does/did the patient have a talipes equinovarus (clubfoot)?
halx,Does the patient have hallux vagus (bunion)?

skhy,Does the patient have skin hyperextensibility (skin can be stretched over 3 cm at the knee, elbow, and neck area, over 1.5 cm at the inner forearm and back of hand area, and over 1 cm at the palm area)?
doso,Does the patient have soft, doughy skin or skin with a velvety texture?
trask,Does the patient have thin, translucent skin in which their veins are easily noticeable (especially in the chest area)?
redsk,Does the patient have redundant, almost lax skin, that has an excessive amount of skin folds at the wrists and ankles?
inpa,Does the patient have increased palmar wrinkling?
pacur,Does the patient have a single transverse palmar curve (also known as the simian crease)?
unstri,Does the patient have any unexplained striae (stretch marks that are not attributed to significant weight gain/loss)?
piez,Does the patient have bilateral piezogenic papules of the heel (soft, skin colored papules due to fat herniation through the dermis, most noticeable when standing)?
epifol,Does the patient have an epicanthal fold (a skin fold that covers the inner corner of the eye)?
mollusc,Does the patient have any molluscoid pseudotumors (bluish gray, spongy nodules frequently observed over traumatised areas such as the shins and forearms)?
subsph,Does the patient have any subcutaneous spheroids (small, hard, moveable, cyst-like nodules observed over bony prominences in the legs or arms)?
preplaq,Does the patient have pretibial plaques (skin rash noticeable on the shins)?
hypker,Does the patient have follicular hyperkeratosis (also known as keratosis pilaris/KP)?
acrog,Does the patient have acrogeria (premature aging of the hands and feet often resulting in thin and unusually fragile skin in the affected areas)?
skfra,Does the patient have skin fragility (skin that tears or breaks easily and takes a while to heal)?
exfrask,Does the patient have congenital or postnatal skin tears as a result of their extreme skin fragility?
skatrop,Does the patient have atrophic scars/indented scars in two or more locations?
bruise,Does the patient bruise easily or have capillary fragility?

promvasc,Does the patient have prominent vasculature?
varico,Does the patient have early onset (before the age of 30) varicose veins (veins that are enlarged and swollen, often appearing dark purple or blue)?
carval,Does the patient have any severe cardiac-valvular problems (diseases that affect the mitral valve or aortic valve)?
mitval,Does the patient have mitral valve prolapse?
aordil,Does the patient have aortic root dilation with a Z-score greater than +2?
arttur,Does the patient have arterial turtuosity (elongation and twisting/distortion of arteries throughout the body)?
ccsf,Has the patient had a carotid-cavernous sinus fistula/CCSF (an abnormal connection between an artery in your neck and the network of veins at the back of the eye) formation in the absence of trauma?
aneur,Does the patient have any aneurysms (ballooning of a weakened artery)?
arteria,Did the patient have an artery dissect or rupture when they were less than 40 years old?


pericomp,Did the patient have any perinatal complications due to connective tissue fragility (born or developped shortly after birth hemorrhages, fractures, etc.)?
viscfra,Does the patient have complications from visceral fragility (EX: bladder rupture)?
uterrup,Has the patient experienced a uterine rupture during their third trimester of pregnancy in the absence of a previous C-section and severe peripartum perineum tears (vaginal tear)?
prolap,Does the patient have pelvic floor, rectal, or uterine prolapses in the absence of morbid obesity or other known predisposing medical conditions?
hernia,Does the patient suffer from multiple or recurrent hernias?
ingher,Does the patient suffer specifically from an inguinal hernia (groin hernia)?
umbher,Does the patient suffer specifically from an umbilical hernia (when the intestine/fatty tissue protudes through the muscle near the belly button)?
colrup,Has the patient's sigmoid colon ruptured without an explanation?
pneumo,Has the patient experienced a spontaneous pneumothorax (collapsed lung)?

blusc,Does the patient have blue sclerae (the white of the eyes are tinted blue)?
strabi,Does the patient have strabismus (crossed eyes)?
refraer,Does the patient have any refractive errors including myopia, hypermetropia or astigmatism?
myo,Does the patient have severe myopia (nearsightedness)?
hypmet,Does the patient have severe hypermetropia (farsightedness)?
cloucor,Does the patient have a cloudy cornea (clear tissue located at the front of the eye)?
keratc,Does the patient have keratoconus (cornea bulges outwards in a cone shape)?
keratg,Does the patient have keratoglobus (cornea bulges outwards in a dome shape)?
micrco,Does the patient have a microcornea (a cornea that is less than 10 mm in diameter)?
corth,Does the patient have a thin cornea in which the central cornea thickness is less than 400 μm?
prostro,Does the patient have progressive loss of corneal stromal depth (loss of depth in the thickest part of the cornea)?
corsca,Does the patient have corneal scarring?
retdet,Has the patient had retinal detachment (the retina detaches from the blood vessels at the back of the eye)?
lendis,Has the patient had ectopia lentis (a lens dislocation)?
sclfra,Does the patient have scleral (white of eyes) and occular fragility or rupture?

ginrec,Has the patient experienced gingival (gum) recession and fragility?
lagin,Does the patient lack attached gingiva (gums)?
seper,Does the patient have severe, intractable periodontitis of early onset (gum infection)?
dencro,Does the patient have dental crowding and a high or narrow palate?
toabn,Does the patient have any tooth abnormalities (EX: tooth discoloration or dysplastic teeth/abnormally shaped teeth)?
bifuv,Does the patient have a bifid/split or broad uvula (the teardrop shaped flesh hanging in the back of the mouth)?

triafa,Does the patient have a triangular shaped face?
lonfa,Does the patient have dolichocephaly (a disproportionately long and narrow face)?
facass,Does the patient have facial assymetry?
retrogn,Does the patient have retrognathia (recession of jaw)?
malahyp,Does the patient have malar hypoplasia (underdeveloped cheekbones)?
font,Did the patient have a large fontanelle (space between bones in an infants head)?
loear,Does the patient have low set ears?
protey,Does the patient have protuberant eyes?
receye,Does the patient have enophthalmos (recession of the eyeballs)?
pufeye,Does the patient have edematous/puffy eyelids?
palpfis,Does the patient have downslanting palbebral fissures (area between the eyelids slants downwards)?
hyptel,Does the patient have hypertelorism (widely spaced eyes)?
smamou,Does the patient have a small/narrow mouth?
thlip,Does the patient have thin lips?

demot,Did the patient have delayed motor development (delayed rolling, crawling, walking, etc.)?
decog,Does the patient have delayed cognitive development (learning and communicating difficulties)?
groreta,Did the patient experience postnatal growth retardation?

famcla,Does the patient have a positive family history of Classical Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome (cEDS)?
famhyp,Does the patient have a positive family history of Hypermobile Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome (hEDS)?
famvasc,Does the patient have a positive family history of Vascular Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome (vEDS)?
fammar,Does the patient have a family history of Marfan Syndrome?
genmar,Does the patient possess a a pathogenic mutation in their FBN1 gene that is associated with aortic root dilation?
autorec,Does the patient have a family history compatible with autosomal recessive transmission?

hirs,Does the patient have hirsutism (excessive hair growth)?
hearim,Does the patient have a hearing impairment?
blad,Does the patient have bladder diverticula (bladder lining pokes through bladder wall creating a pouch)?
lunhyp,Does the patient have lung hypoplasia (incomplete development of lungs)?
ratinf,Does the patient experience a greater number of infections than the normal population?



